Minor update to the contributing doc (#707)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-java-instrumentation: CONTRIBUTING.md

Build using Java 11:

```bash
java -version
```

```bash
./gradlew assemble
```

and then generate the -all artifact

```bash
./gradlew :opentelemetry-javaagent:shadowJar

> ```

Reviewer: Good catch! I opened #708 to see about generating the `-all` artifact as part of `assemble` in the future, but good to update docs now to reflect the current state.

The main goal is to avoid extensive reformatting caused by different IDEs having different opinion
about how things should be formatted by establishing.

> For Windows users, please set autocrlf to true and line endings will be converted to Unix style line endings when adding files to the repo:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note for Windows users: if you are seeing all of your files being changed by `./gradlew spotlessApply` (below), it's probably the line endings, and make sure you are using a `core.autocrlf` setting of either `true` or `input`.
```

```bash

> git config --global core.autocrlf true

Reviewer: I like to set it globally, but maybe we should just recommend setting it locally
```suggestion
git config core.autocrlf true
```

> git config core.autocrlf true

Reviewer 2: @trask What do you think about adding `.gitattributes` with something like this?

```
* text=auto eol=lf

*.bat text eol=crlf
*.cmd text eol=crlf
```

I often develop on Windows, and I have only had pain with repositories without gitattributes and have never seen problems after adding it (modern OS / tools handle LF just fine on Windows too, even Notepad!).

Reviewer: oh, yes, that does work, as spotless respects the line endings in `.gitattributes`! (https://github.com/diffplug/spotless/issues/23)

Reviewer: @heyams let's remove this section and add the `.gitattributes` file suggested by @anuraaga above 👍
